attention all Risk Takers Christmas has
come early you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you the
Federal Reserve has not only kept
interest rates where they are they have
signaled that this is likely the last
rate cut that was back several months
ago and that next year
2024 there will be at least three rate
cuts to be expected the market took that
and it ran with it let me tell you it
ran real fast there was a press
conference I watched it so that you
don't have to and basically there was a
question that was right at the very end
of it all during that question he
explained something that I think
everybody needs to know and yet it's so
complicated and complex
convoluted that most people will glaze
over it so in this video I'm breaking it
all down I'm going to show you some very
key information
that like I said most people just won't
get into but on this channel I bring you
what I believe to be the most important
because this will tell us that it is
looking very likely that quantitative
tightening will end next year the rate
Cuts will begin and inflation is going
to go wild let's get into all of that
here fed prepares to shift to rate Cuts
in 2024 as inflation EAS is I know
you've been seeing all the videos
everywhere you have to watch yesterday's
video where I broke down absolutely
everything but you can obviously tell
what their intentions are they want to
create more inflation they're not going
to use real measures of inflation they
want to use their inflation so what you
think is going to happen to asset prices
especially those risky assets well we're
going to break this down right here and
now the last question before he scurried
off stage was something so important and
I transcribed it I took that information
and I started to break it all down and I
want to do that right here what we're
seeing on the screen is something very
important but you're going to see it's
like hey that's real messy okay
everybody on my finance Friday live
sessions which I'll talk about at the
end of the video they know exactly what
this is okay this is the money mirror me
or part of it anyway and what we're
looking at is a few things the white
line there that's the S&P 500 that's the
stock market the Orange is the reserves
okay what is what are reserves think
about it you put your money into the
bank that bank has you know they can
lend out with fractional Reserve banking
they can lend out a lot of money and
they don't need to keep it all there you
know how it works those reserves excess
reserves can be stored at the Federal
Reserve and so we see how that
fluctuates over time and then we have
the reverse repos reverse repos which
I'll get into are something that can add
liquidity into the system all right
that's the pink line and so that was at
$2.3 trillion a day that was trying to
add liquidity into the system uh during
this period of you know difficult time
and now that has really changed that has
started to come down and Powell was
asked about this mentioned this and so I
think it is extremely important to break
that down right here and now the
question is you know she goes on and
says a few things but has there been any
consideration of altering the pace of
quantitative tightening at all Powell
comes in and had a few things to say
stick with me by the way I'm going to
break it all down and and I'll look at
each aspect this is going to affect
stocks this is going to affect real
estate it's going to affect
cryptocurrencies Bitcoin everything we
are not talking about QT right now so
the balance sheet seems to be working
that's the runoff the quantitative
tightening seems to be working pretty
much as expected what we've been seeing
is you know that we're allowing the
runoff each month and that is adding up
to you know we're at about close to $1.2
trillion now that's showing up the
reverse repo facility has been coming
down quickly as you can see with that
pink line is coming down real
fast and uh it's been coming down
quickly and the reserves have been
either moving up or as a result holding
steady at a certain point you know that
they won't be any more to come out of
now by the way that's transcription so
take it with a green of ass salt here
that orange line what he's saying here
is that you know it's at or about the
this level or it has come up referring
to those reserves okay and I explain
what those reserves
were so here we go then he said this
they'll be a level that were reverse
repos there's going to be a level where
the reverse repos level out and the
reserves will start to come down we
intend to reduce our Securities Holdings
that's mortgage back Securities and
treasuries so they want to get rid of
some of those this is
hilarious until we judge that the
quantity of Reserve balances has reached
a level that is somewhat above that
consistent with ample reserves confusing
I know hold on there and what is he
saying okay that they're going to
continue quantitative tightening until
those Reserve balances get to a point at
which they say is healthy enough but not
too low why well they did that in a
prior cycle when Janet Yellen my
favorite Janet Yellen was at the chair
position and the market started freaking
out uh oh we went to far we need more
reserves so that's what they want to
avoid this time around okay and
suggesting here we intend to reduce the
Securities Holdings we will also intend
to slow and then stop the decline in the
size of the sheet balance sheet Reserve
are at somewhat above the level judged
to be consistent with ample reserves
we're not at those levels yet confusing
a little bit I know and it's a
transcription you know how he talks all
over the place he stutters and things
but the point here is that they want to
go ahead reduce the amount of treasuries
mortgage back Securities but it's going
to stop at a certain point in the near
future when they think reserves are at
that sweet spot so when will that happen
well it could be at any moment but he
makes it clear that no no it's not today
it's not tomorrow but it's going to
happen if we're expecting rate Cuts if
we're going to look at that during this
time I think it is pretty obvious that
at some point reverse repos going from
you know a very high level coming
rapidly down we are only a few months
away from that time so here we are
December end of the year come March you
know it wouldn't surprise me that if
they're not already during this that
period of time talking about it that
they're going to start mentioning okay
you know maybe the next one maybe that
they're going to start that policy of
basically getting rid of the
quantitative tiping if it doesn't happen
all at the same time okay what you need
to know from all of this what is the
effect what is the impact this is going
to be bullish for risk assets it already
is I mean come on if you were watching
the markets I was watching that on these
four time frames if you could see behind
me seeing every comment he made and then
how the market reacted to it it was
going off the charts it just kept going
up and up and up and up because they
loved it it was seen as finally dovish
as they did expect okay and then at the
same time we've got this you know stock
BuyBacks you know how these companies
love to buy back their own shares like
birkshire Hathaway and so on to push up
the price of their shares well in this
case here we're talking about BuyBacks a
little different treasury BuyBacks well
their plan will boost Market resilience
department has said buyback programs
will begin in 2024 BuyBacks will seek to
to Aid liquidity and improve cash
management so very simply right here
what they want to do the treasury the
one who's packaging up all the debt well
they want to buy back that debt okay how
do they actually buy it back though like
where do they get the money from okay
well they can raise more they can create
more debt and have investors buy it they
can raise
taxes they can do any number of things
but it's weird because it's like some
circular Voodoo thing that they've got
going on just like with the reverse repo
operations with the Federal Reserve just
kind of creating this nonsense thing
that they do the point here is that this
is going to be a stimulus in effect it's
going to create a
stimulative um act action which is what
they want month and that means again
more
bullishness for these markets not in a
good way what the market needs is an
economic detox the economy needs an
economic detox companies that suck
should fail they shouldn't be bailed out
they should fail and I know that sucks
for the people working there but let's
be honest I remember seeing it with my
own eyes companies let me just say where
there were people sleeping under their
desk like it was a Seinfeld episode
sleeping under their desk people who
would sit around all day doing nothing
well another company came in this a
financial company came in they bought
them up and they slashed departments
heavily now let's be honest that's not
very nice but what happened here they
had to increase productivity the company
was bleeding out and that's why it
needed to be purchased in the first
place um and so that's what's going to
happen that's what goes on all over the
place and these times are very
challenging there will be job losses
certainly it's not necessarily going to
show up in any statistic but know what
they're doing right here on all the
different levels is very stimulative it
is a form of you know it might not be
necessarily quantitative easing but
everything that they're doing is going
to create more
inflationary um you know basically
putting out inflation and that's not
good asset prices can rise there's no
question about that and we generally see
it at the beginning in the worst of the
worst stuff all that stuff that nobody
wants once they feel comfortable because
it's like oh we're risk on let's make it
happen and that is a big concern of
course for you and I we know that we
know this to be the case if you want to
understand the money mirror method if
you want to know how I pinpointed the
exact bottom of the stock market last
year I told you about that September
then I told you again about a week or
two later pinpointed it exactly why
because it's the money mirror method and
when you follow along with that and you
understand what I talk about here you
can be ahead of the Curve I mean it's a
simple matter of fact that is only for
those who are part of my um group I was
calling it previously the mentorship
group uh but basically it's the finance
Friday and what we talk about there is
what's going on with the money mirror
method I show you the charts I look at
it I've been being able to pinpoint this
you know it is frightening because what
I see is a greater and greater divide in
between the rich and the poor and the
halves and the Have Nots when I say this
stuff I'm not saying it as if it's
positive oh it's great it's fantastic he
the Market's going to go up and
everything how are people going to
afford
anything that's the concern I have so
when when I talk about collapse and so
on I'm talking about the
economy the markets they can go up the
housing can go up and that benefits a
small select few people while everybody
else they're getting squashed and you
could say oh they should just buy those
stocks and certainly they can but well I
think they're probably going to be more
concerned about how they're going to be
paying this ever increasing debt that's
the biggest issue they're using buy now
pay later for a
reason that's what's going on here today
I hope that you'll join me on that link
will be in the description below and of
course the comment of the day I love
these Eric says 2024 will be unlike
anything that we've seen inflation may
be going down according to the
government data but ask the ravage
American and they will tell you how
things are getting more and more
expensive especially food housing and so
on totally agree and absolutely we will
see the biggest concern unless this
whole thing could be derailed by some
sort of catastrophic
event is it here yet I don't see that at
all
where is it swept under the rug and
we're going to see what happens like the
loch nest monster hiding just waiting to
come out until then for an inflation let
me know what you think do you agree
disagree let me know in the comments hit
that thumbs up on the way out not just
because it supports me but it notifies
the algorithm that this is good stuff
and generally people do not talk about
this it's complicated I know it could be
complex but we got to know the truth all
right I want to see you back here
tomorrow so come on in the money GPS
each and every day bringing you the
latest and greatest information see you
then take care